docs: add test account credentials to README (#4304)
GaloyMoney/galoy: README.md

Once Tilt starts, you can check on the status of all services by accessing the UI through the given port on your local host (e.g. [http://localhost:10350/](http://localhost:10350/)).
Every service should eventually have a green checkmark next to them, which ensures that they are in "ready" states.

### (5) Test account credentials

> For account login, you can input any random mobile number/email and then use `000000` as the OTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For account login on regtest, you can input any random mobile number and then use `000000` as the OTP.
```

buck2 run dev:down
```

> ### (8) Test account credentials

Reviewer 2: Suggest to make this step 5 after `Running the Stack` .

Author: updated in next commit
